{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww37900\viewh20180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-6\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 The data presented comes from published surveys from 2003-2022 on antimicrobial resistance on organic and conventional farms. In cases where there is a missing data point, the field is left blank or NA is used.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri-6\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	The  DOI: Digital Object Identifier. \
2.	Author: Author\'92s last name. \
3.	Year: Year the article was published. \
4.	ISO3: This is a 3-letters country codes. \
5.	Journal: The journal the article is published\
6.	Country: The country the survey was conducted\
7.	Region: A specific region the study was carried out\
8.	Y and X_Coordinate in decimal degree showing the position where the study was conducted.\
9.	Sample type: Sample from animals and environment\
10.	 Sampling start date and sampling end date: This refers to the sampling began and the time sampling ends.\
11.	Species: Animal species\
12.	Antimicrobial-:Type of antimicrobial tested\
13.	Antibiotic class: Antimicrobial classes i.e penicillins fluoroquinolones, aminoglycosides etc\
14.	WHO classification: antimicrobial classification groups as described by WHO.\
15.	Pathogen: Our data is on
\f1\i  salmonella pathogen
\f0\i0 \
16.	MDR_percent: percent multidrug resistance.\
17.	No isolates: Total number of isolates tested.\
18.	No isolates intermediate: intermediate isolates were considered as susceptible\
19.	Method : Methodology used for antibiotic susceptibility testing i.e Agar dilution, disk diffusion\
20.	Percent resistance: Number of isolates positive divided by the total number of isolates\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri-6\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\
}